GraphQL API renamings (#6197)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/strange-crabs-glow.md

---
'@keystone-next/keystone': major
'@keystone-next/types': major
'@keystone-next/fields-document': patch
'@keystone-next/fields': patch
---

> Various renamings in the GraphQL API (`Item` is used as an example list key here):
> 
> - The query `allItems` to `items`
> - The query `Item` to `item`
> - The input type `ItemsUpdateInput` to `ItemUpdateArgs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated CRUD queries, and some of the input types, in the GraphQL API have been renamed.

If you have a list called `Item`, the query for multiple values, `allItems` will be renamed to `items`. The query for a single value, `Item`, will be renamed to `item`.

Also, the input type used in the `updateItems` mutation has been renamed from `ItemsUpdateInput` to `ItemUpdateArgs`.
```
